#### Required Variables
ENV Variable |  Description | Example
---------|---------|---------
BACKUPPROCESSED | If set to true this will result in transcoded files being backed up for x days | false
BACKUPRETENTION | Number of days to retain a backup copy of transcoded media | 14
MEDIAMOVIEFOLDERS | Top level movie directories. Multiple directories must be seperated by ", " (Comma and a trailing space) and not be surrounded by quotes. | /media/test/movies, /media/test/movies02
MEDIASHOWFOLDERS | Top level show directories. Multiple directories must be seperated by ", "  (Comma and a trailing space) and not be surrounded by quotes. | /media/test/shows


#### Optional Variables

ENV Variable | Description | Example
---------|---------|--------
ENDTIMEUTC | End of timeframe that transcoding is allowed in UTC 24 hour format | 02:00
MINAGE | Minimum age in hours of a file before it's processed | 1.5
MOVIESCRF | [Constant Rate Factor](https://trac.ffmpeg.org/wiki/Encode/H.265#:~:text=is%20not%20recommended.-,Constant%20Rate%20Factor%20(CRF),-Use%20this%20mode) for configuring trancode quality | 21
PROCDELAY | Time delay in hours between processing files | 4
SHOWSCRF | [Constant Rate Factor](https://trac.ffmpeg.org/wiki/Encode/H.265#:~:text=is%20not%20recommended.-,Constant%20Rate%20Factor%20(CRF),-Use%20this%20mode) for configuring trancode quality | 23
STARTTIMEUTC | Beginning of timeframe that transcoding is allowed in UTC 24 hour format | 17:00
SKIPAV1 | Skip processing files that are av1 encoded | true
SKIPHEVC | Skip processing files that are x265/hevc encoded | false
SKIPKBPSBITRATEMIN | Skip files below a minimum bitrate in kbps | 1000
SKIPMINUTESMIN | Skip files below a minimum legnth in minutes | 30
SKIPDOVI | Skip files containing Dolby Vision metadata | true
SKIPHDR | Skip files containing HDR metadata | false
UPDATEMETADATA | If true, existing media will have metadata updated only | true

#### Variable Notes
- If setting `BACKUPPROCESSED` to true be careful. This can easily lead to filling up drive free space dependent on media processed during the `BACKUPRETENTION` period.
- `UPDATEMETADATA` can be used to index existing media. Useful if existing media was previously transcoded. After metadata has been updated remove this variable and restart the container.
- If `ENDTIMEUTC` is an earlier time than `STARTTIMEUTC`, then it will be treated as next day. For example 18:30 UTC start time with an end time of 03:00 UTC, the end time will stop processing new transcodes the next day for the given UTC Datetime.
- `PROCDELAY` and `MINAGE` defaults are 4 hours. `PROCDELAY` will respect UTC time windows. It is recommended to maintain a larger processing delay to limit excessive disk reads.

